# CS330 Final Project Reflection
# How do I approach designing software?  What new design skills has your work on the project helped you to craft?  What design process did you follow for your project work?  How could tactics from your design approach be applied in future work?
My basic approach to this project was to take a large goal, specifically designing a 3D scene, and break it down into smaller parts.  As I was learning the different aspects of OpenGL, I was able to build my world alongside with the tutorials I was following.  What seemed like a very large project at first became much easier to build by focusing in on smaller pieces and adding on feature at a time.  I think this tactic could help me with future work by always taking bigger projects and breaking them down into smaller, more manageable pieces.  This will prove especially useful if I'm learning new skills or new software packages.

# How do I approach developing programs?  What new development strategies did you use while working on your 3D scene?  How did iteration factor into your development?  How has your approach to developing code evolved throughout the milestones, which led you to the project’s completion?
This project involved a lot of looking at exisiting pieces of code and figuring out how to apply them to the project I wanted to build.  After learning how different pieces of code worked, I was able to modify and incorporate them into my project to create the scene I was working towards.  This process could be useful developing other pieces of software where the starting point could be an existing piece of code that needs to be modified for another purpose.  By building off of small pieces of code snippets, a much larger project can be generated without having to completely start from scratch.

# How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?  How do computational graphics and visualizations give you new knowledge and skills that can be applied in your future educational pathway?  How do computational graphics and visualizations give you new knowledge and skills that can be applied in your future professional pathway?
This class has given me a good introduction into what it takes to generate computer graphics.  With the knowledge I have now, I'm encouraged to learn more about graphics including software that uses OpenGL under the hood, such as Blender.  I also feel like this class will help me on a career path towards front end development.
